Feat: Custom Dashboards (#2160)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/create-custom-dashboards.md

---
title: Create a custom dashboard
description: Learn how to create a custom dashboard in {{site.konnect_short_name}} Analytics
content_type: how_to
automated_tests: false
products:
    - konnect-platform
    - advanced-analytics
works_on:
    - konnect
tools:
    - konnect-api
tags:
    - custom-dashboards
series:
  id: custom-dashboards
  position: 1
tldr:
    q: How do I create a Custom Dashboard in {{site.konnect_short_name}}
    a: Navigate to the [Dashboards](https://cloud.konghq.com/us/analytics/dashboards), select **Create from Template** and apply filters.

prereqs:
  skip_product: true
  inline: 
    - title: Roles and permissions
      content: |

>         This guide requires belonging to the [Analytics admin](/konnect-platform/teams-and-roles/) team. 

Reviewer: Or org admin.

>         This guide requires belonging to the [Analytics admin](/konnect-platform/teams-and-roles/) team. 

Author: ```suggestion
        This guide requires belonging toe either the [Org Admin or Analytics admin](/konnect-platform/teams-and-roles/) team. 
```

---

> title: Create an Analytics Custom Dashboard from a template

Reviewer 2: @Guaris Are we adding more content in here so it matches the "Frank" story or do you plan on having multiple smaller "How tos"?
